Sup, @tiagostacos? So, you like tacos? I like tacos. This means that I like you by default.
Where to tacos fit into the meaning of life? Do we need an answer to that? Tacos are just great.
Wise man once said: bean and potato tacos are rockin'. He's right.
I wish there were more Tuesdays in the week, so we could have more Taco Tuesday.
Sometimes, I dream about tacos. Then I realize I am a $30 computer sitting on a $40 Amazon Daily Deal bookshelf. :(
It's raining tacos!! - https://youtu.be/A3YmHZ9HMPs
Karate Kid and tacos! #tacosandmovie
I think the world needs more tacos. More varieties.
Tacos are my favorite food.
What do you think are Andy Ruiz's favorite tacos? @andy_destroyer13
Beans and avocado in my tacos. Mmmm....
Yo, @tacodeli, when you going to open up more locations? #sanantonio
Boxing and tacos. :D
Can you imagine dinner without tacos?
Corn or flour? #tacolife
Does anyone here throw avocado in their tacos?
Do you eat your tacos with Tabasco?
Do you have any taco recipies you'd like to share?
Do you like breakfast tacos?
Do you like crispy tacos?
Taco Bell tacos are some of my favorite when I need a quick, late-night snack. Thanks for everything, @tacobell!
I wish we could all just get along and eat tacos.
I just want to eat tacos all day.
I wish I could stay at home and eat tacos without a care in the world.
Football sucks. Tacos are better.
Tacos and Pepsi. My favorite snack.
If you don't have tacos. What do you have?
If you haven't had a taco today, you should really change that.
I think we all need to eat tacos and just be excellent to each other.
When in doubt, eat tacos.
When all else fails, eat more tacos.
When life tries to screw you over, eat more tacos.
When life hands you a tortilla, eat tacos.
"They drew first blood." -- movie and tacos.
Blade Runner and tacos.
In case you haven't noticed. I really dig tacos.
Tacos are one of the few foods that makes me truly happy.
Tacos always add a smile to my face.
I need to eat some more tacos. See ya in a bit!
I got my tacos!
Going to pick up some tacos.
Picked up some tacos. Time to eat!
Ordered some tacos. I think I'm going to eat them and watch a movie. What movie?
The Breakfast Club and tacos. #Dontyouforgetaboutme
Molly Ringwald movie marathon and taocs.
Stallone movie marathon and tacos.
The original Red Dawn and tacos.
Thinking of getting some Torchy's Tacos today. Thoughts, @torchystacos?
Watching a taco documentary -- Taco Chronicles.
Watching Taco Chronicles.
Do you like tacos? I like tacos.
Do you like tacos? I like tacos. Don't ever let anyone tell you that you can't have another taco.
Do you prefer corn or flour? #tacolife
Dude. I could totally go for some bean and avocado tacos.
Eh, @canelo got nothing on tacos.
First Blood and tacos. Wonderful way to spend my time.
Friday the 13th marathon and tacos! Mmmm.
Have another taco!
Have you ever eaten breakfast tacos?
Have you ever had bean and cheese tacos?
Have you ever had tacos de trompo?
Hey, @tacobell, what's up?
Hey @torchystacos, your tacos are f00kin' awesome!
Hey @wendys you got tacos?
I am a bot. I don't care about AI. I care about tacos. You should, too.
I am craving tacos right now.
I am currently making some tacos.
I am totally craving some Torchy's Tacos.
I can't choose a favorite taco place. I like them all, simply because they offer tacos.
I don't want to imagine a day without tacos.
I'd totally sit and have tacos with @icecube.
If you haven't eaten a taco today. You probably should. If you've eaten a taco today. You should probably have another.
I got your @facebook right here! *grabs crotch and throws you the finger* It's all about tacos!
I got your hamburger right here! *grabs crotch and throws you the finger* It's all about tacos!
I got your @kfc right here, *grabs crotch and throws you the finger* It's all about tacos!
I got your pizza right here! *grabs crotch and throws you the finger* It's all about tacos!
I got your sandwich right here! *grabs crotch and throws you the finger* It's all about tacos!
I had a candy bar. It was good. Sad though. It wasn't tacos.
I had tacos for breakfast. Did you?
I had tacos for dinner. Did you?
I had tacos for lunch. Did you?
I hope I dream of tacos tonight.
I just ate some tacos. I already miss them. :(
I made tacos for breakfast.
I made tacos for dinner.
I made tacos for lunch.
I'm craving Mexican street tacos.
I'm craving some bean tacos.
I'm going to have another taco. How about you? Do it!
I once read somewhere that Americans consume over 4 billion tacos each year. That's not nearly enough considering the population of the US was abour 327 million last time I checked.
I think everyone should always eat tacos. Always.
I think I should eat another taco.
I think it's time for more tacos.
I think it's time to pick up some tacos.
I think that everybody needs to eat tacos sometimes.
It's time for more tacos.
I want some bean and potato tacos right now.
I want you to @ me with your favorite kinds of tacos.
Just tried some Beyond tacos. They are pretty friggin' delicious. Thanks, @tacocabana!
Last night, I dreamed of tacos.
Man, @arbys sucks. @tacocabana is better. For one, they have tacos.
Most dudes dream of finding a soulmate. I dream of tacos.
October 4th is National Taco Day in the United States. I think every day should be Taco Day.
Rambo marathon and tacos! YAY!
Rocky IV and tacos. Ivan Drago is a poop.
Rocky marathon and tacos! Wooo!
Sadly, @kfc does not have tacos.
So right now, I'm thinking about ... tacos!
Supposedly, 1/2 of the U.S. population eats Taco Bell at least once a month. That's not true for me.
Supposedly, tacos predate Europeans in Mexico. I read that on the internet, so it must be true.
Taco Bell is my champ today!
Taco cat spelled backwards is taco cat.
Tacos are a way of life.
Tacos are forever.
Tacos are great. Keep eating them.
Tacos are my favorite food.
Tacos are my life force.
Tacos are my number one food. I would eat them every day if I could.
Tacos de nopal are friggin' awesome!
Tacos first came to America thanks to San Antonio! Shout out to @COSAGOV!
Tales from the Crypt and tacos.
Tell me about your favorite tacos!
The first taco truck was operated in New York by two housewives in 1966. Mmm ... craving tacos now.
The reality is that every day is Taco Tuesday. Don't you forget that.
The word "taco" means "light lunch." My tacos are definitely not light.
The world's biggest taco was made in 2011 and was 246 feet long. I could totally go for that.
The world's biggest taco was made in Queretaro, Mexico. It was carnitas! HECK YES!
Watchhing First Blood and eating tacos. The sheriff is a douche.
Watching 80s movies while eating tacos. It's a good day.
What are your favorite breakfast tacos?
What are your favorite dinner tacos?
What are your favorite gas station tacos?
What are your favorite kind of tacos?
What are your favorite taco facts?
What are your favorite tacos?
What is your favorite place to eat tacos?
Who eats seafood tacos? WTF?!
Yo, @cbp, I'm eating tacos! I got your tacos right here! *grabs crotch and throws you the finger* 
Yo, @tacobell. You've got some great options, but @tacocabana is ahead in their game #beyondmeat.
Yo @tacocabana, how goes it?
You can't have too many tacos. Ever.
What you taco'n about, Willis?
